# CS-230

	The Gaming Room is a client for my company, Creative Technology Solutions (CTS). The Gaming Room has created a game called Draw It or Lose It!. The client created the game for the Android platform only, but wants to expand the game to a web-based platform. They have tasked CTS with creating this web-based game that serves multiple operating systems. 
	To begin, I needed to create a software design document that outlined different aspects of the game creation and expansion. These aspects included an executive summary, the design constraints, a domain model (with a UML diagram) that explained the OOP principles, an evaluation that explained the characteristics, advantages, and weaknesses of different operating systems, and finally, recommendations based upon the evaluation to determine which operating system was best for creating and running the web-based game. I believe that during the course of creating the software design document, I especially excelled at the comparisons between MacOS, Linux, and Windows operating systems. These comparisons made the decision about which OS to use much simpler in the end. When developing the code, the knowledge of my evaluation was advantageous because I knew what to include to develop the Windows OS best. If I had to choose a part of the document to revise, it would be the design constraints section. Because it was the first part I wrote, I feel that it should have been revised to encompass the different OSs, specifically discussing each OS and the differences in the code and other constraints.
	When interpreting the user’s needs, I wanted to make the adaptation of the game as easy as possible. I not only wanted to make the game function using the best, most versatile OS, but I also wanted to make the transition between platforms as simple and cost-effective as possible. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing because I want the customer to remain a client for my company. This is accomplished when I do all I can to satisfy the client – keeping costs low, making transitions seamless, etc. To approach the software design, it was helpful to have a complete picture. The software design document was the best way to ensure I covered all the requirements for analyzing the different operating systems, outlining strengths and weaknesses, and creating recommendations to the client. Because the document was productive, informative, and complete, I will definitely use the same document to analyze and design similar software applications in the future, either for The Gaming Room or other client.
